These instructions are for Mac. I think it's similar on other platforms. Please let me know if there is anything substantially different.

=Setup Eclipse=
  * Install Eclipse [http://www.eclipse.org/]. I use Indigo classic.
  * Install GWT SDK and Eclipse plugin from [https://developers.google.com/web-toolkit/download]. I use GWT 2.5.
  * Install Subversion plugin (I use the pure Java version):
    * Click _Help->Install New Software..->_
    * Select `Indigo - http://download.eclipse.org/releases/indigo` from Work With Selection box
    * Expand Collaboration Item
    * Select Subversion items. Follow the prompts. Restart Eclipse
    * Select SVN Kit 1.3.5
    * Click Finish. Follow the prompts. Restart Eclipse.
=Import Project=
  * Click _Window->Open Perspective->Other.._
  * Select *SVN Repository Exploring*. Click OK
  * Right click on *SVN Repositories* pane and select *New->Repository Location..* In the URL text field, enter `https://gwtoauthlogindemo.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/GWTOAuthLoginDemo`
  * if you will be working as a developer, Enter your google email and password in *User:* and *Password:* fields respectively and click on *Save authentication..* checkbox if you want.
  * Click Finish.
  * Right click on the  URL and select *Find/CheckOut As...*
  * Click on radio button  *Check out as a project with the name specified:*  and enter *GWTOAuthLoginDemo* in the text filed below. Click Finish.
  * Switch back to Java perspective *Window->Open Perspective->Java*.

You should see *GWTOAuthLoginDemo* in Package Explorer. If you see anything red, open Problems view form *Window->Show View->Problems* and see if you can figure out the issue.
=run=